# Overview
- Discussed Team Position
- Discussed Learning Points from Saturday
- Discussed Team Notebook
- Discussed Next Weeks Meeting
- Discussed Major Things to Learn

# Learning Points from Saturday
## Positives
- Great Communication
- Learning on the fly
- Linux Hardening

## Places to improve
- INJECTS!!!
- Log Reading and Aggrigation
- Intrusion Detecion
- Windows Hardening
- Backups

# Team Positions
After talking about how people performed and their known strangths and weaknesses, we decided on the following line up. If you are unhappy with your position feel free to bring it up at our next meeting.

### Captian: John P.
Captian will be in charge of communicating with white team and writing up inject responses.
### Co-Captian Ryan
Allocation of injects. General advisor.

### Team Linux
- Caleb
- Josh
- Cody

### Firewall
- Kendal

### Windows AD
- Darius

### Flex
- Hayden
- John M.

Flex needs to become medicore at EVERYTHING. Their first focus should be learning Windows Firewall and general Hardening of Windows. They can also float around to help where needed and backup in case we are down a member.

# Team Manual
We would like to start putting together a team manual. We can host this on github then put them together for quick reference in binders, each member will have a binder. We would like to request 10 three ring binders and a bunch of the flap things for quick reference.

# Things for each "team" to learn
## Linux
- Rsync
- IPtables
- Vi
- Bash

## Firewall
- Defaults
- Properites and Policies
- Alerts
- Auto ban
- Filter Traffic

## Windows
- Powershell
- Firewall
- Monitoring
- AD

# Next Weeks Meeting Agenda
Next meeting we plan on each taking one inject that we failed on, learn how to do it, then present it to the group. Feel free to discuss what inject you are going to learn on Discord and you can learn throughout the week if you would like to. The injects will be posted to this Github shortly.

Until Next Week,

Caleb

Self proclaimed secretary
